Concepts:

Whitelist: list of people who are considered allies, and are not to be attacked by offensive creeps. Defensive creeps will consider them hostile, to prevent exploitation of the system.
	Whitelisted people: malloc0,

	Progress: not yet begun

Battling: Check every so often (10 ticks? 20 ticks? 1 minute? 30 seconds?) to see if creeps not owned by players on the whitelist are in the room. Battling is True if there are creeps that meet this criteria, else it's false.

	Progress: not yet begun

Respawn Queue: A list of creeps who are dead. 

	Progress: (malloc0 is working on it)

Auto-Respawn: Automatically respawn creeps, with this set of priorities:

Always: Go through the entries in a "first in, first out" style, after other priorites are considered

When Battling is False:
1. Miner
2. FortRepair
3. RoadRepair
4. Controller
5. Everything else

When Battling is True:

1. Miner
2. Guard
3. FortRepair
4. FortHeal
5. Turret
6. Defender
7. Everything else

Creeps:

Miner: 
Base: goes to sources, gets energy, them takes it to:
1. nearest not full storage
2. if no storages, nearest not full spawn
3. if no not full spawns, nearest not full extension
4. if no not full extensions, nearest spawn, then wait till room is available

	Progress:
	Base: done
	1: not yet begun
	2: partially done
	3: WIP
	4: partially done

Maker:
Base: Gets energy from the spawn (set which spawn manually), then uses it to construct the nearest construction site.

	Progress:
	Base: done

Defender:
Base: seeks out hostile enemies (Source keepers are ignored if Battling is True) and destroys them with melee attacks.

	Progress:
	Base: done
	Targeting: not yet begun

Controller (maintainence):
Base: Gets energy from spawn (set which spawn manually), then uses it to upgrade the Room Controller.

	Progress:
	Base: done

RoadRepair (maintainence):
Base: gets energy from spawn (set which spawn manually), then uses it to repair damaged roads.

	Progress:
	Base: partially done

FortRepair (fort):
Base: gets energy from spawn (set which spawn manually), then uses it to repair:

F: When Battling is False:
F1. Ramparts below 5/6*max hits
F2. Walls
F3. Towers
F4. Everything not listed besides Ramparts above 5/6*max hits, and roads
F5. Ramparts above 5/6*max hits

T: When Battling is True:
T1. Ramparts below 5/6*max hits
T2. Walls
T3. Ramparts above 5/6*max hits

	Progress:
	Base: partially done
	F: not yet begun
	T: not yet begun

Turret (fort):
Base: stays at the beacon with its name at all times, and rangedAttacks enemy creeps.

	Progress:
	Base: not yet begun

Guard (fort): stays at the beacon with its name at all times, and attacks enemy creeps.

	Progress:
	Base: partially done

FortHeal (fort):
Base: stays at the beacon with its name at all times, and rangedHeals other creeps, following this priority:

1. 












